*neomake-autolint.txt* Autolint code Vim version 8.0 and Neovim

        ░█▀█░█▀▀░█▀█░█▄█░█▀█░█░█░█▀▀░░░█▀█░█░█░▀█▀░█▀█░█░░░▀█▀░█▀█░▀█▀
        ░█░█░█▀▀░█░█░█░█░█▀█░█▀▄░█▀▀░░░█▀█░█░█░░█░░█░█░█░░░░█░░█░█░░█░
        ░▀░▀░▀▀▀░▀▀▀░▀░▀░▀░▀░▀░▀░▀▀▀░░░▀░▀░▀▀▀░░▀░░▀▀▀░▀▀▀░▀▀▀░▀░▀░░▀░
        

       Lint source files as you type (without having to save) asynchronously

==============================================================================
CONTENTS                                            *neomake-autolint-contents*

    1. Introduction ....................... |neomake-autolint-introduction|
    2. Configuration ..................... |neomake-autolint-configuration|
    3. Commands ............................... |neomake-autolint-commands|
    4. Autocommands ........................... |neomake-autolint-autocmds|
    5. Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ) ............ |neomake-autolint-faq|

==============================================================================
1. Introduction                                 *neomake-autolint-introduction*

Neomake Autolint leverages Neomake's ability to asynchronously run linters on
a file. It augments that functionality with the ability to run file level
linters as you type so you get the most immediate feedback. This requires your
version of (Neo)vim to support job control, otherwise the plugin will be
disabled. Thanks goes out to the team of Neomake for making a great plugin!

==============================================================================
2. Configuration                               *neomake-autolint-configuration*

There are only a few configuration options for Neomake Autolint. For most
setups there should be very little you need to explicitly configure to use the
plugin.

Global Options                                       *neomake-autolint-options*

*g:neomake_autolint_enabled*
By default Neomake Autolint is only enabled if Neomake has asynchronous job
support which makes the lint as you type approach work without constant
pauses. If you want it to be enabled whether you have asynchronous job support
or not just set this to 1.

*g:neomake_autolint_cachedir*
Where to cache temporary files used for linting unwritten buffers. Defaults to
checking for |$XDG_CACHE_HOME| then |$HOME|/.cache. If no valid cache
directory can be found the plugin will be disabled.

*g:neomake_autolint_updatetime*
The number of milliseconds to wait before running another Neomake lint over
the file.
Default: 500

*g:neomake_autolint_sign_column_always*
Whether to keep the sign column showing all the time. If you find it annoying
that the sign column flashes open/closed during autolinting set this to 1.
Default: 0

*g:neomake_autolint_events*
What events should trigger linting and what additional configuration options
should be specified for the linting. For now the only option is a "delay"
which is how long after the event to wait before triggering the linting. If
provided this overrides the global g:neomake_autolint_updatetime option.
Default: {
  'BufWinEnter': {"delay": 0},
  'TextChanged': {},
  'TextChangedI': {},
}

==============================================================================
3. Commands                                         *neomake-autolint-commands*

*:NeomakeAutolintToggle* *:NeomakeAutolintToggle!*
Running |:NeomakeAutolintToggle| will toggle Neomake Autolint on/off for the
specified buffer (defaults to the current buffer), while the command
|:NeomakeAutolintToggle!| will do that for all buffers.

==============================================================================
4. Autocommands                                     *neomake-autolint-autocmds*

Neomake Autolint will trigger |User| autocommands for the following events.
They follow a structure similar to |neomake-autocmds|.

*NeomakeAutolintSetup*
The |NeomakeAutolintSetup| autocommand fires when the initial setup for the
buffer has completed, but before the first autolint is automatically
triggered. The variable `g:neomake_hook_context.bufinfo` will contain a
dictionary with fields such as the makers and bufnr of the buffer being
initialized.

*NeomakeAutolint*
The |NeomakeAutolint| autocommand fires before starting a new lint update. The
variable `g:neomake_hook_context.bufnr` contains the bufnr of the buffer that
will be linted.

==============================================================================
5. Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ)                      *neomake-autolint-faq*

5.1 Neomake Autolint is not working.~

There are a small number of issues that could cause Neomake Autolint to be
disabled. 

First verify that Neomake (https://github.com/neomake/neomake) is installed.
Neomake Autolint depends on Neomake so if it is not installed Neomake Autolint
will not work.

Check if your version of vim supports jobs, see |job-control| and
|timer_start()|. You can verify
this by typing: >

  :echo has('nvim') || has('job') && has('timers')
<
If you do not have |job-control| and still desire to run Neomake Autolint you
can override the default behavior by setting |g:neomake_autolint_enabled| to
1.

Another issue that could cause Neomake Autolint to be disabled is a missing
cache directory. In order to run a linter over the currently edited file it
needs to be saved to disk. Neomake Autolint saves those temporary files in the
directory as specified in |g:neomake_autolint_cachedir|. Please verify the
cache directory exists.

5.2 Can the sign column always be displayed?~

See |g:neomake_autolint_sign_column_always| for more information.


5.3 How can I configure Neomake Autolint to run a lint cycle on <X> event?~

By default Neomake Autolint runs a lint cycle when text changes in a buffer
(whether or not the user is in insert mode), or when the buffer first becomes
visible on screen (the |BufWinEnter| event).  If you wish to change this
behavior you can customize Neomake Autolint to execute a linting cycle when a
specified event occurs. >

  let g:neomake_autolint_events = {
        \ 'InsertLeave': {'delay': 0},
        \ 'TextChanged': {},
        \ }
<
The above configuration will only run the lint cycle 
  - immediately on |InsertLeave|.
  - on |TextChanged| with the default delay (see |g:neomake_autolint_updatetime|)

See |g:neomake_autolint_events| for more information.

==============================================================================
 vim:tw=78:ts=8:ft=help:noet:norl:
